Bruce Cosgrove

The methods that the ADT must have are as follows:
	1) The constructor to allocate all required memory 
		for the RecordLabel and initialize values.
		Success/Failure Report: not applicable
		Abstract Concept Sheilding: no parameters are
			passed into the constructor (unless there is 
			also a copy constructor). Therefore, there is 
			no concept sharing whatsoever.
		Recursive: no.
	2) The destructor to deallocate all required memory.
		Success/Failure Report: not applicable
		Abstract Concept Sheilding: destructors do not 
			take in any parameters in C++ as far as I am 
			aware of. This is the same reason why the 
			constructor "shields" the caller, simply 
			because there is nothing to sheild.
			Songs.
		Recursive: no.
	3) A method to add a new Artist.
		Success/Failure Report: returns true if the 
			Artist is not already in the RecordLabel.
			Returns false if the Artist already existed 
			prior to this function call.
		Abstract Concept Sheilding: the only parameters 
			will be the Artist's name, top story, and 
			description, which will all be C-style strings.
			This method will handle the dynamic allocation 
			of the Artist object that will contain these 
			attributes, as well as its linked list of 
			Songs.
		Recursive: no.
	4) A method to add a new Song for an Artist.
		Success/Failure Report: if the Artist does not 
			exist, create the Artist and then add the 
			Song and return true. If the Artist does 
			exist, however, if they already have the 
			Song, return false, otherwise, add the Song
			and return true.
		Abstract Concept Sheilding: the parameters of 
			this method will be the Artist's name and 
			all of what a Song needs: its title, length,
			and number of views and likes. Song's 
			constructor will handle the creation of the 
			Song, while the Artist will handle adding 
			the created Song to its list of Songs.
		Recursive: no.
	5) A method to change the number of views an 
		Artist's song has.
		Success/Failure Report: returns true if both 
			the Artist exists and the Artist's Song exist.
			Otherwise, returns false.
		Abstract Concept Sheilding: the parameters 
			of this method are the Artist's name, the 
			Song's name, and the number of views to 
			change the Song's views to.
		Recursive: no.
	6) A method to change the number of likes an
		Artist's song has.
		Success/Failure Report: same as the previous 
			method, except instead of views, this method 
			handles likes.
		Abstract Concept Sheilding: same as the previous 
			method, except instead of views, this method 
			handles likes.
		Recursive: no.
	7) A method to display all Songs for an Artist.
		Success/Failure Report: If the Artist does not 
			exist, print something like: "The Artist does 
			not exist!" and return false. Otherwise, print 
			all  of the Artist's Songs. However, if the 
			Artist does not have any songs, print something 
			like: "The Artist <artist name> does not have 
			any songs!" This would still return true 
			because all of the Artist's songs, of which 
			there were none, were in fact printed. This 
			is because this method would normally print one
			song per the number of Songs the Artist had. If
			the Artist has zero songs, it should therefore
			print zero songs, which it indeed does.
		Abstract Concept Sheilding: the only parameter 
			is the Artist's name, and no other data such as 
			the Artist's linked list of songs. A, that 
			would be irrelivant, B, that linked list is 
			private, and the Artist has public member 
			functions to alter the list in one way or
			another. The same concept applies for all other 
			methods listed here.
		Recursive: no.
	8) A method to display all Artists.
		Success/Failure Report: this method is very 
			similar to the previous method, except instead 
			of printing Songs for a particular Artist, it 
			prints all Artists associated with this 
			RecordLabel. If this RecordLabel has no Artists 
			associated with itself, then this method would 
			print something like: "There are no artists 
			this record label is associated with!" This 
			time, however, this method does has a void 
			return type because, as explained in the 
			previous method's description, when there are 
			zero things to print, the number of things 
			that should be printed is still zero.
		Abstract Concept Sheilding: there are no 
			parameters, and aside from the return 
			value, there is no direct way this method can 
			communicate to the caller.
		Recursive: no.
	9) A method to remove all Songs with fewer than a 
		given number of views.
		Success/Failure Report: instead of true or 
			false, this method returns an unsigned integer
			which is the number of Songs that were removed. 
			This would result in zero if no songs were 
			removed, so if the caller was expecting to 
			remove at least one Song, they can check if 
			this method returned zero or not. They can also 
			just use the number this method returns for 
			whatever they desire.
		Abstract Concept Sheilding: the only parameter 
			this method has is the number of views in which 
			to remove Songs by. The actual removal is 
			handled by this method, and no information 
			about any individual Song is communicated back 
			to the caller.
		Recursive: no

Notes:
	1) The reason why all of the above methods will not be 
		recursive is because the implementation of the 
		LinkedList class will handle all of that "magic", 
		so all the RecordLabel class has to do is call its 
		methods.
	2) The Songs will use their number of likes to 
		determine their popularity. The reason for this is 
		because the number of views are already going to be 
		used for other things, but not the likes.

Data structures that will be used in the program:
	1) RecordLabel
	2) ArtistList
		a) Node
	3) Artist
	4) SongList
		a) Node (different from ArtistList's Node)
	5) Song

Most, if not all, of the Lists' methods will be 
recursive as I find it more enjoyable to code.
