Bruce Cosgrove
CS 260

1) How well did the data structure selected perform for the assigned application?
The RecordLabel ADT I have made passes all of the tests I have thrown at it. It 
does, for simplicity, does not check if the file is in the correct format. It 
assumes that it is because it is my own custom format that should not be altered 
if the user wants the program to work. The "labels.data" file, however, can be 
deleted and the changes will be reflected in the program. As for the Artist and 
Song data sub-data structures, they both also work as intended and in conjunction 
with each other and RecordLabel to produce a working program.


2) Would a different data structure work better? If so, which one and why...
I believe a linked list for each data level (SongList and RecordLabel) is 
sufficient for these purposes. However, if much more data were to be used, by 
nature of the linked list, access time would suffer. But, nothing as such can be 
noticed by the provided test cases and data file. In fact, many many times more 
data would be required to even see even the slightest change in acess time.


3) What was efficient about your design and use of the data structure?
I think I used the data structures quite well. There are absolutely no memory 
leaks, which you can easily double check by entering the command "make memrun".
The program is easy to use, at least I think so that is. The use of recursive 
functions is somewhat random.

4) What was not efficient?
While making the ArtistList class, I realized that it and RecordLabel were 
identical, so I removed ArtistList entirely. I also removed some unused functions 
that I had included in the initial write.

Another inneficiend thing is the mandatory use of dynamic arrays instead of 
static arrays. Quite a bit of memory could be saved if that were allowed, 
specifically for the file reading.

On top of that, the use of whitespace is just too much. "At least three lines of 
white space must separate functions" as specified in the Style Sheet under 
Requirements (#2). One blank line is perfectly fine at conveying that "these two 
sections of code are separate." Not to mention the fact that each function must 
have a fair amount of comments which, while I'm perfectly okay with, that alone 
distinguishes that there is a new function. On top of that, it also decreases 
readability of the code. Plus, it's tedious to type and outright annoying.


5) What would you do differently if you had more time to solve the problem?
I don't think I would have done anything differently as I paced myself fairly 
well for this assignment. No extra time would be required.
